Payables - added code snippets (#913)
codatio/codat-docs: docs/payables/mapping.md

<!-- For example, if you offer the option to make payments from a credit card, the company's bill payments should be mapped and reconciled to a credit account. -->

<Tabs>

<TabItem value="nodejs" label="TypeScript">

```javascript
const accountsListResponse = await payablesClient.accounts.list({
    companyId: companyId,
    query: 'isBankAccount=true'
  });
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="python" label="Python">

```python
accounts_list_request = operations.ListAccountsRequest(
    company_id=company_id,
    query='isBankAccount=true'
)

accounts_list_response = payables_client.accounts.list(accounts_list_request)
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="csharp" label="C#">

```csharp
var accountsListResponse = await payablesClient.Accounts.ListAsync(new ListAccountsRequest() {
    CompanyId = companyId,
    Query = "isBankAccount=true"
});
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="go" label="Go">

```go
ctx := context.Background()
accountsListResponse, err := payablesClient.Accounts.List(ctx, operations.ListAccountsRequest{
    CompanyID: companyID,
    Query: "isBankAccount=true"
})
```
</TabItem>

</Tabs>

## Create new account

> If the SMB customer plans to make payments from a new payment method or account that you provide, a new account must be created. The account will contain their transactions, making the SMB's payment reconciliation workflows easier. The endpoint to use depends on the underlying integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the SMB customer plans to make payments from a new payment method or account that you provide, a new account must be created in their accounting software. The account will contain their transactions, making the SMB's payment reconciliation workflows easier. 
```

> For Xero, QuickBooks Online and Oracle NetSuite use the [Create bank account](/sync-for-payables-api#/operations/create-bank-account) endpoint.

Reviewer: what about MYOB? we need to cover all integrations we have there

> For Xero, QuickBooks Online and Oracle NetSuite use the [Create bank account](/sync-for-payables-api#/operations/create-bank-account) endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Xero, QuickBooks Online, and Oracle NetSuite, use the [Create bank account](/sync-for-payables-api#/operations/create-bank-account) endpoint.
```

		currency="USD",
		balance=0,
		available_balance=0,
	)
    company_id=company_id,
	connection_id=connection_id
)

account_create_response = payables_client.accounts.create(account_create_request)
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="csharp" label="C#">

```csharp
var accountCreateResponse = await payablesClient.Accounts.CreateAsync(new CreateAccountRequest() {
	Account=new Account(){
		AccountName = "BillPay Debit Account",
		AccountType = AccountType.Debit,
		AccountNumber = "80088008",
		Currency = "USD",
		Balance = 0,
		AvailableBalance = 0,
	}
    CompanyId = companyId,
	ConnectionId = connectionId
});
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="go" label="Go">

```go
ctx := context.Background()
accountsResponse, err := payablesClient.Accounts.Create(ctx, operations.CreateAccountRequest{
	Account: &shared.Account{
		AccountName: syncforpayables.String("BillPay Debit Account"),
		AccountType: AccountType.Debit,
		AccountNumber: "80088008",
		Currency: syncforpayables.String("USD"),
		Balance: 0,
		AvailableBalance: 0,
	},
    CompanyID: companyID,
    ConnectionID: connectionID,
})
```
</TabItem>

</Tabs>

Note that Xero does not support creating credit accounts.

> For Sage Intacct, use the [Create account](/sync-for-payables-api#/operations/create-account) endpoint to reflect that account in their accounting software. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Sage Intacct, use the [Create account](/sync-for-payables-api#/operations/create-account) endpoint to reflect that account in the customer's accounting software. 
```
